Hung Up - Opening Number
See Google Form
MISSING BLURB







Skinny Love
Amanda Paredes Rioboo
Mandy is a freshman majoring in 6-14. She is a member of the MIT Figure Skating Team and has participated in two intercollegiate competitions this season. She's grateful for the friends she's made so far from skating at MIT and looks forward to the reopening of the rink next fall. She chose the piece she'll be skating to today because it's a cover of a song her dad would play for her when she was little.

Run It
Andy Huang
Andy is an MIT alum who first started learning how to figure skate with the MIT figure skating club several years ago. Back then, he was working on crossovers and barely able to skate backwards. He has come a long way since then, and now loves spending every morning at this rink and sharing his love of skating with everyone here. He is so grateful to have discovered this club, and for all of the people who have been a part of his skating journey.

A Moment Apart
Alexandra Poret
Alex is an MIT '22 and chronically cross-registered PhD student in Harvard's Biophysics program. Having learned to skate with the MIT FSC as a freshman in 2018, her undergraduate and skating journey have proven quite unpredictable. This program is ultimately inspired by reflections of this experience, and how one views the past, given space, time, and ultimately, a Moment Apart.

Anime on Ice: Lit
Diane Zhou, Erina Yamaguchi, Flora Su, Ita Futran, Lana Van Note, Sabina Chen, Sabrina Meng
Next up is a group skating to the song Lit from the film A Silent Voice. Choreographed by Diane and Sabina as part of their Anime on Ice project, this program follows a girl with emotional scars who wavers between longing for human connection and the fear of getting hurt by people again. Together with Erina, Flora, Ita, Lana, and Sabrina, they hope to portray a heartfelt story about coping with loneliness, building trust, and finding where we belong.

Warmup



Lifted Up by my family and friends
Diane Brancazio
MISSING BLURB







Chasing Cars
Shawn Pan
Shawn is a class of 2012 alum, who learned to skate at MIT.

Fish in a Birdcage
Maddie Paoletti
Maddie is a first year PhD student in EAPS who joined the MIT FSC in the fall after an 8 year hiatus from a childhood of skating. This program is dedicated to her resurrecting the joy in figure skating and expressing it her own way. 

Swing Dance
Alec Chapman, Alexandra Poret, Amy Mossman, Diane Brancazio, Esther Horwich, Flora Su, Ilani Axelrod-Freed, Linda Warner, Maureen Fountain~Quinn, Shawn Pan, Ylaine Gerardin
The swing dance was first skated in 1948 and the pattern has been adopted as a method to teach skaters how to skate together and do edges.  Both parties skate the identical pattern but not at the same time - the changeover occurs at each end of the rink.  The person skating backwards sets the depth of the edge and the person skating forward tracks the curve so that legs do not entangle (hopefully).

Swing ``Dance''
Andy Huang, Ita Futran
Ice dance is a challenging discipline. In addition to basic skating skills, ice dancers also have to develop good flow, clean edge quality, strong extensions, and precise timing. Things get even more difficult when skating with a partner. Our last set of skaters made everything look so easy, but it takes plenty of hard work to get to that point. As Ita and Andy will demonstrate, sometimes our morning practice sessions can get a little hectic.

Warmup



Canasta Tango
Alec Chapman, Amy Mossman, Elena Popkova, Katie Kitziner, Lily Lee, Penny Tan, Phil Michael, Philip Tran, Sue Lee, Ylaine Gerardin
MISSING BLURB







Veiller Tard
Flora Su
This will be Flora's first time skating a solo show program, as opposed to recycling her competition programs. She will be skating to "Veiller Tard," which is basically a poem about the things that keep one awake late into the night. Naturally, she emailed her coach at 2AM with the idea to skate to this piece.

Don't Stop Me Now
Erina Yamaguchi
Erina is a senior majoring in Aerospace Engineering. After graduating this spring, she is excited to start her graduate school journey at Caltech in the fall. She is thankful for all the support and fun the skating club has brought her during her time at MIT, and will miss the community here. This program reflects all of the great times she has had and her determination to continue following her passions in the future. 

Game of Survival / I put a spell on you
Evelyne Ringoot
Evelyne is a master student in CSE. It is her first year skating with the MIT figure skating club and she is grateful to have found such an amazing and supportive community, so much ice time and so much fun in the skating club! After five years away from competitive figure skating, this season was her first time competing again in the intercollegiate competitions. She is skating today her first new program since skating again, with which she competed this season.

Chogada: A Mini Bollywood Musical
Alexandra Poret, Amy Li, Amy Mossman, Andy Huang, Elena Popkova, Esther Horwich, Flora Su, Hanya Elhashemy, Juliana Stachurska, Lily Lee, Linda Warner, Maureen Fountain~Quinn, Nidhi Nimeshkumar Juthani, Phil Michael, Philip Tran, Sue Lee, Susan Scott, Zipei Tan
The MIT Club presents Chogada: A mini Bollywood Musical. Sushrut loves to dance and he loves Manisha. Will his dance troupe manage to convince Manisha's Mom that they will be happy together?  Can dance and song win the day? 

Warmup



Unbreakable Spirit
Diane Zhou
MISSING BLURB







Dancing in the Moonlight
Amy Li, Andy Huang
After last year's skating season, Amy and Andy started experimenting with different pairs moves and had fun trying things both on- and off- ice. Although they don't have an official pairs coach, they are extremely grateful for Mickey Barry, who has been encouraging them and providing plenty of guidance and support throughout the past year. Amy and Andy are excited to present many of the moves they've been working on in a new program that they choreographed themselves, Dancing in the Moonlight.

When I'm 64
Alec Chapman, Bonny Kellermann, Elena Popkova, Esther Horwich, Flora Su, Lily Lee, Linda Warner, Mickey Barry, Noa Resing, Phil Michael, Shawn Pan, Sue Lee, Ylaine Geradin
When one of our skaters turned 64, she decided to celebrate the event by inviting her older skating friends to join a group number to skate in the ice show.  That was before the show was cancelled that year due to COVID.   Since then, the group was opened up to include a few younger adults who promised to continue skating once they had reached the age of 64.  

Kalank
Nidhi Juthani
Kalank, meaning blemish or stigma, is the title track of a Bollywood movie of the same name. It is a soulful love ballad, conveying the feeling of longing and love breaking all barriers. It is one of my favorite songs in this genre and just a beautiful piece of music and singing. 

For You Blue
Lana Van Note
MISSING BLURB







I'm Only Human
Erina Yamaguchi
Excited to try a free dance program for the first time, this program was choreographed over text with our alumna Juliana. Because she was unable to compete with the program, she is excited to perform this program today. 

