Opening Number
Diane Brancazio, Crystal Chang, Juliana Drozd, Andy Huang, Destinee Hung, Bonny Kellermann, Mia LaRocca, Andrea Lin, Shawn Pan, Alexandra Poret, Noa Rensing, Ailis Robinson, Flora Su, Ivan Sysoev, Maggie Zheng
Something about the club

Youth
Ananya Nandy, Diane Zhou
Ananya and Diane have been performing duets together each winter since their freshman year. As seniors this year, they are excited to be back for their fourth duet, set to the song Youth by Shawn Mendes.

Say You Won't Let Go
Shannen Wu
Shannen will be performing to the acoustic ballad Say You Won't Let Go by James Arthur.

Flora's Secret
Shawn Pan, Flora Su
todo

Out Tonight - Rent
Stef Ren
 will fill out later

Dutch Waltz
Mia LaRocca, Ailis Robinson
The Dutch Waltz is one of the first ice dances that skaters learn.

Yellow
Diane Zhou
Diane is a senior studying computer science and an officer in the Figure Skating Club. She has been figure skating since she was 5 years old and feels really fortunate that she had Asian American skaters like Michelle Kwan as role models to look up to. She was also really excited when the film Crazy Rich Asians came out and was well received, and will now be skating to a song from the film, Katherine Ho's Mandarin cover of Yellow.

Someone New
Juliana Drozd
Juliana is a first year student studying Earth, Atmospheric, and Planetary Science. She has been skating for over 16 years and currently competes at the senior level in solo ice dance.

Diane Brancazio
Diane is a long time member of the club, Course 2 alum, and now staff at the MIT Edgerton Center.  She welcomes her awesome family and friends, especially the sailors from Community Boating.  Ice skating is such a joy, and its great that we can share it with friends!

Cha Cha
Andy Huang, Ava LaRocca, Mia LaRocca, Shawn Pan, Stef Ren
The Cha Cha is a pre-bronze ice dance

Flora Su
Flora received her Masters of Engineering from MIT in February 2018, and now works as an environmental engineer at GZA GeoEnvironmental in Norwood.

IHTFP
Shannen Wu, Diane Zhou
At MIT, when the struggle is real, you think, "I hate this frickin place," and you need a good friend who will try to Fix You. Other times you've accomplished something you never thought you could and you think, "I have truly found Paradise." Skating to a Coldplay medley, Shannen and Diane embrace the true meaning of IHTFP.

Championship Men's Short Program
Kevin Shum
Kevin is a senior studying course 6-3 (computer science) and is the reigning two-time US Collegiate Men's Champion. He represents the Skating Club of Boston and trains with his two coaches at Mitchell Johansson Method. Kevin will be competing at the 2019 US Championships in Detroit, Michigan in January, and today, will be skating his short program to Seal's "Luck Be a Lady."

