Opening Number
Ilani Axelrod-Freed, Diane Brancazio, Sarah Chieng, Destinee Hung, Bonny Kellermann, Mia LaRocca, Louise Lima, Phil Michael, Shawn Pan, Alexandra Poret, Flora Su, Lili Sun, Philip Tran, Liza Tremsina, Lydia Zhang, Diane Zhou
MISSING BLURB







Don't Rain on my Parade
Juliana Drozd
Juliana is a senior-level ice dancer who serves as president of the MIT Figure Skating Club. When she's not coaching or training with the club, she's a sophomore in course 12 (earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciences) focusing on geobiology and organic geochemistry.

You Will Be Found
Shannen Wu
Shannen is a junior studying computer science. She will be skating to You Will Be Found, a piece from one of her favorite musicals: Dear Evan Hansen. This piece is about being lifted up out of dark times by people around you, reminding you that you are not alone.

The Promise
Flora Su
Flora received her MEng in Civil and Environmental Engineering in 2018, and she has been figure skating for nearly 20 years now. An environmental engineer by day, figure skater at dawn, and artist by night, Flora doesn't get much sleep, but she is happy to be here tonight and would like to share that joy of skating with you all.

Dutch Waltz
Ilani Axelrod-Freed, Louise Lima, Alexandra Poret, Philip Tran
Ice dance is a discipline of figure skating with an emphasis on steps and turns to the beat of the music, historically based on ballroom dance. In addition to free dances, skaters also learn a set of compulsory patterns at each level of difficulty. The Dutch Waltz is one of the first ice dance patterns that skaters learn.

Diane Brancazio
MISSING BLURB







Faded
Lili Sun
She is a freshman at MIT originally from California. She is thinking about studying Electrical Engineering and Computer Science or Aerospace Engineering.

Wings
Erina Yamaguchi
Erina is a freshman this year who will be skating to Wings by Little Mix. A skater for 12 years, she is excited to perform in the winter show for the first time and hope that you will enjoy thie performance.

Swing Dance
Diane Brancazio, Juliana Drozd, Destinee Hung, Mia LaRocca, Shawn Pan, Flora Su, Philip Tran
The Swing Dance is one of the ice dances in the next level of difficulty after the Dutch Waltz. Both partners perform the same steps, but offset by 180 degrees. One skater goes forwards while the other skater goes backward, and halfway through the dance they swap positions.

One Step Closer
Sabina Chen, Diane Zhou
Overcoming challenges requires healing the pain of the past, as well as growing from the burdens of the present. It can be extremely discouraging because results are often unnoticeable when we are most desperate to see them. However, we must believe that each step taken will lead us in a better direction. Skating to a song called One Step Closer from the anime Fruits Basket, Diane and Sabina acknowledge that healing is hard and growth is gradual, but despite any discouraging moments, we are strong enough to keep moving forward, one step at a time.

