
Alex Poret, Allan Gelman, Amy Li, Andy Huang, Danny Gelman, Destinee Hung, Diane Brancazio, Diane Zhou, Edmund Williams, Emma Liu, Erina Yamaguchi, Esther Horwich, Frankie Schulte, Hong Xiang, Ilani Axelrod-Freed, Penny Tan, Phil Michael, Sabina Chen, Sue Lee, Sunshine Jiang, Susan Scott
Inspired by the film Weathering with You, the story of Grand Escape begins with a girl who has the special ability to bring happiness to those around her. At first, everyone is excited, but soon, excitement turns into expectations, and then into crippling dependence. What happens when a superpower proves to be both a blessing and a curse?


Nidhi Juthani
Nidhi Juthani is skating to Arabian Nights from Aladdin, one of her favorite movies as a kid and as an adult. She is also bringing back an updated version of her competition dress from her last year of competitive skating 11 years ago.


Ita Futran
Julianna choreographed this five days before the competition


Lindsay Bolino
Lindsay Bolino is a sophomore studying bioengineering and has been skating for 15 years. She has been so grateful to be able to compete with the MIT FSC this season and looks forward to future years of competitions and shows!


Erina Yamaguchi, Juliana Drozd
The President and Vice Presidnt duo, Erina and Juliana will be skating to Boys by Lizzo. This program was first choreographed for the 2020 spring show and they are both excited to finally perform it together!


MISSING BLURB








Andy Huang, Emma Liu, Ilani Axelrod-Freed, Juliana Drozd, Juliana Stachurska, Katherine Cheng, Nidhi Juthani
See our superheroes take the ice to battle their greatest enemy, the foxtrot!


Diane Brancazio, Edmund Williams
MISSING BLURB








Lili Sun
MISSING BLURB








Lana Van Note
I'm a first year, Course 10, 2021 US Collegiate National Bronze Medalist, and USFSA Gold Medalist


Alexandra Poret, Amy Li, Andy Huang, Destinee Hung, Esther Horwich, Grace Smith, Ilani Axelrod-Freed, Katherine Cheng, Phil Michael, Sue Lee
The Canasta Tango is one of the first ice dances skaters learn.


Erina Yamaguchi
Erina is a Junior and is currently the President of the skating club. Coming full circle from her first spring show getting cancelled due to Covid, this performance is dedicated to the club and her friends who have reminded her this year to slow down and enjoy each day to the fullest. 


MISSING BLURB








Alexandra Poret, Amy Mossman, Destinee Hung, Emma Liu, Esther Horwich, Ilani Axelrod-Freed, Katherine Cheng, Susan Scott
MISSING BLURB








Ita Futran
This one was choreographed two weeks before the competition - improvement :D


Andy Huang
Andy is an MIT alum who first started learning how to figure skate with the MIT figure skating club several years ago. He spends all of his mornings here at this rink and is so grateful to have discovered this club, and, for all of the people in it.


Cynthia Cao
come enjoy some studio ghibli :>


Ilani Axelrod-Freed, Phil Michael, Sue Lee
In their first individual program for the MIT Figure Skating Club show, Ilani Sai Axelrod-Freed portrays the questionable joys of a first-time experience at a sleep over camp. Ilani is a junior at MIT majoring in course 18. They have never been to a sleepover camp. They spent their summers doing theater instead, so they hope their acting skills will be enough to convince you in this performance. This piece was choreographed by Esther Horwich, and club members Phil Michael and Sue Lee play supporting roles in this performance. 


Juliana Drozd
Juliana is a senior and performing in her last MIT show as a student! She has been a member of the figure skating club for her entire time at MIT, serving as president for two years and as vice president until elections tomorrow. She's going to miss skating on MIT ice and being a part of this community when she graduates and moves away from Boston this spring.

