***6-minute Warmup*** 0:06:00
[]
We will now have a 6 minute intermission to allow skaters in the second half to warm-up.  TODO Pitch for the club.

Alex Bourque 0:02:05
['Alex Bourque']
Alex is a course 10 PhD student who plans to defend and graduate this May. This is his 3rd year figure skating and he owes everything he's learned about it to the MIT figure skating club and especially his coach Kristin. Please enjoy the performance!

Amy Mossman 0:02:00
['Amy Mossman']
Amy is an astronomer for her day job and teaches skating at MIT during the weekends. She recently got certified to teach BollyX LIT. Her music is a BollyX song from a very bad film with great music. The words say "Buy me bangles for my lovely white wrists." 

Andy Huang 0:01:40
['Andy Huang']
Andy started learning how to figure skate with the MIT figure skating club 3 years ago. This is his first solo program, and he would like to thank his current coach, Kristin, for working with him and helping him choreograph this program, and all of the many other wonderful coaches in the club who have taught him throughout the past few years.

Argentine Tango 0:02:00
['Diane Zhou', 'Flora Su', 'Kylie Ying']
Flora, Kylie, and Diane are long time freestyle skaters who picked up ice dancing to become more expressive and have found that making skating without jumps and spins look good can be pretty challenging. Today they will be doing the Agentine Tango, which is a gold level dance first performed in London in 83 years ago.

Bollywood DanceOff 0:03:01
['Alex Bourque', 'Amy Mossman', 'Ellen Shea', 'Heather Charron', 'Hong Xiang', 'Jose Lebron', 'Linda Warner', 'Maureen Fountain-Quinn', 'Mickey Barry', 'Phil Michael', 'Priyanka Chatterjee', 'Susan Scott']
Bollywood Blurb: Bollywood films are famous for big production numbers with lots of singing and dancing. This is our MITFSC version. Who will win the dance off, Swing Girls or Desi Boys?

Born to Make History 0:03:08
['Ananya Nandy', 'Cydney Wong', 'Diane Zhou', 'Flora Su', 'Kylie Ying', 'Liz Martin', 'Maya Sankar', 'Mickey Barry', 'Sabina Chen', 'Sarah Don', 'Shawn Pan', 'Tetsuya Kaji']
To close the show, we have a group number skating to "History Maker," a song from the popular figure skating anime show Yuri On Ice. Inside the show program is a leaflet with some tricks that will be featured in this piece. See if you can find them all

Brooke Tam 0:01:48
['Brooke Tam']
Brooke is a graduate student here at MIT, and she will be skating to "The Trolls" from Disney's Frozen soundtrack. 

Canasta Tango 0:00:58
['Alex Landsman', 'Ellen Shea', 'Heather Charron', 'Hong Xiang', 'Jose Lebron', 'Mia LaRocca', 'Mickey Barry', 'Priyanka Chatterjee']
The Canasta Tango is a prelminary dance, which is one of the first three ice dances skaters learn.  Ice dances can be skated solo or with partners.

Cydney Wong 0:03:28
['Cydney Wong']
Cydney will be skating to 'Beethovens Five Secrets' by the Piano Guys.

Diane Brancazio 0:02:00
['Diane Brancazio']
Diane is a long time member of the figure skating club, and now works at the Edgerton Center helping people setup and run Makerspaces.  Skating is her great joy, and she is thrilled to share it with others.

Flora Su 0:04:09
['Flora Su']
Flora is a first-year graduate student studying environmental engineering. She has been skating for 17 years, and represented MIT for the first time at the intercollegiate competition this past February. She will be skating her senior free skate program - this time with more than 3 hours' advance notice.

Jodi Beggs 0:03:10
['Jodi Beggs']
Jodi is a course 6 alum coming back to skating after 15 years off the ice.  In those 15 years, figure skating rules have changed to allow music with vocals in competition, so this is the program Jodi will be using at Adult Nationals in April.

Jon Lu 0:01:45
['Jon Lu']
Jon is a senior majoring in Course 18C. He first stepped on the ice just over one year ago and recalls that experience as being one of the most terrifying and humbling experiences in his life. Jon joined the MIT Figure Skating Club last spring and over the past year, the club has helped him not only overcome his fear of skating, but also develop a deep appreciation and love for the sport. He now skates seven days a week, sometimes as many as three times a day, and takes lessons with his amazing coaches Sean Marshinski and Garrett Lucash at the Skating Club of Boston. He also currently competes as part of MIT’s Intercollegiate Figure Skating Team and plans to continue skating after graduating in June. 

He will be skating to “You Raise Me Up” by Josh Groban. Jon is dedicating this performance to his parents for all the sacrifices they’ve made for him and the support they’ve given him throughout his life. His performance was choreographed by Kate McSwain.

Kylie Ying 0:03:00
['Kylie Ying']
I came up with the program this week, because I really wanted to perform, and can only do double loops because I still have a sprained MCL!!! Enjoy lol

Liz Martin 0:03:00
['Liz Martin']
Liz Martin is skating to music from the movie, La La Land. She is a junior at MIT and has been skating for almost 15 years now. 

Maya Sankar 0:02:00
['Maya Sankar']
Maya is a freshman at MIT. She skated in middle and high school and is very excited to continue skating in college. Her program is to Where Do I Begin from Love Story

Olivia Yao 0:02:30
['Olivia Yao']
Olivia Yao is currently a freshman at MIT and has been skating for 14 years. She is a former regional and national competitor and very excited to continue competing for MIT.

Opening Number 0:02:44
['Alyssa Chen', 'Andy Huang', 'Aviva Benson', 'Brooke Tam', 'Diane Brancazio', 'Ellen Shea', 'Esther Horwich', 'Heather Charron', 'Hong Xiang', 'Jierui Fang', 'Jose Lebron', 'Maureen Fountain-Quinn', 'Meg Khasgerel', 'Mia LaRocca', 'Patricia Ruata', 'Priyanka Chatterjee', 'Shawn Pan', 'Stella Yang']


Rhythm Blues 0:01:34
['Alex Landsman', 'Amy Mossman', 'Aviva Benson', 'Dave Brancazio', 'Diane Brancazio', 'Maureen Fountain-Quinn', 'Olivia Yao', 'Priyanka Chatterjee', 'Shawn Pan', 'Susan Scott']
The Rhythm Blues is another of the preliminary dances. 

Sarah Don 0:02:40
['Sarah Don']
Sarah Don graduated in 2014 and is currently the Superintendent of the MIT Nuclear Reactor Laboratory. She's been skating for 4 years and makes all her own costumes.

Sarah Don 0:01:40
['Sarah Don']
Sarah Don graduated in 2014 and is currently the Superintendent of the MIT Nuclear Reactor Laboratory. She's been skating for 4 years and makes all her own costumes.

Shawn Pan 0:01:38
['Shawn Pan']
Shawn is a 2012 MIT alum who is currently pursuing a master's in computational science at Harvard.

Shelter 0:03:38
['Alex Bourque', 'Alicia Ouyang', 'Alyssa Chen', 'Ananya Nandy', 'Andy Huang', 'Brooke Tam', 'Diane Brancazio', 'Diane Zhou', 'Ellen Shea', 'Flora Su', 'Heather Charron', 'Jierui Fang', 'Jon Lu', 'Jose Lebron', 'Mia LaRocca', 'Priyanka Chatterjee', 'Sabina Chen', 'Sarah Don', 'Stella Yang', 'Tetsuya Kaji']
Shelter tells the story of Rin, a 17-year-old girl who lives her life inside of a futuristic simulation completely by herself in infinite, beautiful isolation. Her story reminds us that no matter how lonely we are, the memories of our loved ones keep us from ever being truly alone.

Tetsuya Kaji 0:02:09
['Tetsuya Kaji']
He is a graduate student at MIT majoring economics. He is thankful to the club for teaching him the joy of skating, and hopes that his program will entertain many of you who decided to come to the show this evening. Skating to the main theme from Westworld.

Unravel 0:02:30
['Diane Zhou', 'Sabina Chen']
We have all, at some point in our lives, experienced self-discovery and self-doubt. We seek answers to our inner thoughts and emotions, learn things about ourselves that we are initially afraid to believe, and hopefully come to embrace a truer version of ourselves. Skating to a song called "Unravel" from the anime Tokyo Ghoul, Diane and Sabina journey on the oftentimes scary, yet invigorating path towards self-acceptance.

Willow Waltz 0:01:35
['Alex Bourque', 'Alex Landsman', 'Amy Mossman', 'Andy Huang', 'Aviva Benson', 'Brooke Tam', 'Dave Brancazio', 'Diane Brancazio', 'Esther Horwich', 'Linda Warner', 'Maureen Fountain-Quinn', 'Mickey Barry', 'Shawn Pan', 'Susan Scott']
The Willow Waltz is a bronze level dance which was first performed in *Willow* Springs, Ill., 1953

