All I Want For Christmas Is You
Alexandra Poret, Allison O Fan, Andy Huang, Cassie Parent, Diane Brancazio, Eleanor Li, Evelyne Ringoot Flora Su, Karen Li, Rachel Leighton
Our Figure skating club members are already looking forward to the winter holidays...

Bring Me Love
Amanda Paredes Rioboo
Mandy is a 2nd-year undergraduate student. She is on the MIT Figure Skating Competitive Team and handles social media and publicity for the club. Christmas happens to be her favorite holiday, and as such, she hopes you enjoy this program she choreographed to Bring Me Love by John Legend.

Let it Snow
Ita Futran
A throwback to a classic song :)

Fourteenstep
Flora Su, Shawn Pan
The fourteenstep is a pre-silver level pattern ice dance with a distinctive marching character. Shawn and Flora haven't actually rehearsed this for the show yet, so... enjoy! :)

Run It
Andy Huang
Andy Huang is an MIT alum who first started figure skate through the MIT figure skating club. He loves coming to the rink every morning, both for the skating and for all the wonderful people that he has met here over the years.

Roxy Music - Over You
Diane Brancazio
Diane is an MIT alum and a long time skating club member. Skating is a joyous and significant part of her life. She welcomes the wonderful the friends and family that come out to support her.

Blue Christmas
Lana Van Note
MISSING BLURB







Warm-up (7 minutes)



Pirate Polka
Alexandra Poret, Amy Li, Andy Huang, Diane Brancazio, Elena Popkova, Esther Horwich, Flora Su, Ilani Axelrod-Freed, Kylie Leung, Lily Lee, Michaela Olimene, Orisvaldo Salviano Neto, Phil Michael, Shawn Pan, Sirui Li, Sofia Chufani, Sue Lee
The show came early this year, while many of our pirates were just beginning to learn how to ice dance.  Fortunately, they know how to fight and argue and will stay quite busy while some of their compatriots dance.

Please Come Home For Christmas
Lindsay Bolino
Lindsay is the Team Captain for the figure skating club! If you are interested in joining the competitive team, please reach out to her for more details! We are always welcoming new competitors regardless of skating level!

Believe
Bridget Denzer
Believe from the movie "The Polar Express"

Frozen Madonna
Evelyne Ringoot
Evelyne is a grad student in CSE, and previously skated in Belgium. She is really happy to have a found a welcoming warm skating family in the MIT figure skating club. She will be skating a self-choreographed short program

Appassionata
Flora Su
Flora has been skating for over 23 years. She came to us at MIT when she did her masters in civil and environmental engineering from 2016 to 2018, and hasnt left since. She is currently an Assistant Project Manager in the environmental site investigation group at GZA GeoEnvironmental, which means shes constantly very busy either with field work or wrangling data. But she still tries to carve out time for skating, and today she will try to make it through the program that she competed with at Adult Nationals in 2022.

