Warm Up



"007"
Amanda Paredes Rioboo
Amanda is a junior studying Computer Science and Business Analytics. She is the president of the MIT Figure Skating Club, a volunteer coach on the weekends, and a competitor for the MIT Figure Skating Team. She is incredibly grateful for the friends and community shes made through figure skating at MIT. Today, shell be skating an action-packed program she choreographed herself. Its your favorite secret agent, so get ready to be shaken, not stirred.

A Norwegian Christmas Carol
Amy Mossman
Amy is skating to a Norwegian Christmas Carol performed by the group Bukkene Bruse. It is a medieval text set to a Norwegian folk tune and is one of her Christmas favorites. The title translates to A Child is born in Bethlehem.

Torn
Cassie Parent
Cassie is a second year PhD student in the HST program and the publicity director for MITFSC. She is so grateful for the community skating has brought in grad school!

Dutch Waltz
Alexandra Poret, Andy Huang, Flora Su, Isabella Dobrinov, Julie Chen, Maureen Fountain Quinn, Michaela Olimene, Natalia Skrodzki, Phil Michael, Shawn Pan, Susan Scott, Tzu-An Sheng
While figure skating may be stereotyped as a sport with high speed jumps and spins, footwork is equally as important. The Dutch Waltz is once of the first ice dances MITFSC introduces to our skating protagonists, to help them hone their skills. We therefore invite you to enjoy and hum along to this Dutch Waltz. 

Let It Go
Andy Huang
Andy is an MIT alum who started figure skating right after graduation when he finally discovered the MIT Figure Skating Club. Since then, he loves coming to this rink every morning, skating, and interacting with all the friendly and supportive people here. He would like to thank everyone who has been a part of his skating journey so far and everyone who has helped with this skating program, either directly or through words of encouragement.

Many years ago, Andy's first ever skating program was a duet to a different song from Frozen. Now, he returns to the ice solo, performing to Let It Go, so that he can finally embrace becoming the ice princess that we all secretly want to be.

DARK
Julie Chen
Our dear Canadian, Julie, somehow never knew how to skate up until starting group lessons with the club this January at the ripe old age of 27. Unlike the programs from our youthful protagonists today, Julie is debuting her first ever solo performance which hints at the fate of all PhD candidates  becoming the main villain.

Kaleidoscope
Bridget Denzer
Bridget is a 2nd year PhD student in Materials Science at MIT, and is the intercollegiate team captain and recruitment chair for the figure skating club! She will be skating her competition free dance program, which is to "Kaleidoscope" by Chappell Roan.

The Blanket Dance ~sur glace~
Alexandra Poret, Andy Huang, Flora Su, Ilani Axelrod-Freed, Phil Michael, Shawn Pan, Sue Lee Michael, Tzu-An Sheng
If this isn't a main character moment, I don't know what is.

Warm Up



I Wish to be Loved
Justine Shih
Justine is a PhD student in Bioengineering at MIT. Pourvu qu'on m'aime is a song about journey and growth. By skating to this piece, Justine hopes to take you along her skating and academic journey.

I Can't Go On
Alexandra Poret
Alex is a 3rd year PhD student in Harvard's Biophysics program and an MIT 22' alumni. When she was selecting her program music for this season, she asked herself which main character she wanted to portray. Obviously, the answer was Jason Brown, the 9-time Grand Prix medalist and Olympian who's skating skills are, in Alex's opinion, the epitome of finesse. Alex is definitely not Jason Brown, but here she's going to attempt to channel his energy and elegance in choreography set to his 2019-2020 short program music.

Halo
Eleanor Li
Eleanor is a sophomore, an active member of MIT FSC, and is serving as VP of the club this year. She's skating to Halo, a tribute to all the love and support from all of her teammates and friends both on and off the ice. 

Fiesta Tango
Alexandra Poret, Andy Huang, Flora Su, Ilani Axelrod-Freed, Michaela Olimene, Shawn Pan
In English literature, a plot is typically divided into six parts: the Exposition, rising action, climax, falling action and resolution. Here, we invite our skaters to channel the tension of the "rising action" as they perform the pre-bronze pattern dance, the "Fiesta Tango"

Can't Help (falling)
Amelie Chan
This is Amelie! She is a freshman here who loves ice skating and wants to gratefully share a part of what makes her love this sport: the speed, space to perform, and most of all the family she has found here at MIT Figure Skating Club. She hopes you enjoy this improvisation and exploration in expression as she does whatever she ends up doing.

Romantic Flight
Karen Li
Karen is a 3rd-year undergrad here at MIT. She is performing to Romantic Flight, from How to Train Your Dragon.

Time in a Bottle
Flora Su
Flora is a self-described "engineer by day, artist by night, and figure skater at dawn." She got her Masters of Engineering from MIT in 2018, and is now an Assistant Project Manager at GZA GeoEnvironmental. She only had 140 minutes with a choreographer to work on this program, so she asks for forgiveness that this might not be as polished a final product as she'd normally like to present. In the context of the show theme, you may recognize the music she will be skating to as Lilia's "main character moment" in the series "Agatha All Along." Please welcome, Flora Su.

You Will Be Found
Alexandra Poret, Amanda Paredes Rioboo, Amelie Chan, Angela Wu, Athena Constantinou-Simek, Bridget Denzer, Cassie Parent, Connie Guo, Eleanor Li, Fiona Li, Justine Shih, Karen Li, Lana Van Note
To wrap up the exhibition, our groups closing number steps onto the ice as friends, teammates of the MITFSC Competition Team, and each others supporters. Skating to You Will Be Found from the musical Dear Evan Hansen, they aim to echo the strength found in friendship, connection, and community. In a world where uncertainty and challenges can feel overwhelming, this creative synchronized skating piece is about being lifted out of dark times by those around youreminding us all that we're not alone.

