
Allan Gelman, Andy Huang, Caroline Chea, Danny Gelman, Diane Zhou, Emma Liu, Flora Su, Frankie Schulte, Ilani Axelrod-Freed, Katherine Cheng, Maggie Zheng, Shawn Pan, Sunshine Jiang, Yiming Chen
Tonight we performed our opening group number to "Restart" by Christophe Willem. In this song, he asks that, if we were to create a new beginning and Restart from step zero, would we continue to make the same mistakes as before, and turn a blind eye to greed, selfishness, and violence, a deaf ear to the cries of those crushed below? Seeing as our everyday routines were quite literally brought to a screeching halt, this song seemed fitting as we reflect on how to resume our lives again. We are at least grateful to be here with you tonight to share our love for skating <3


Jodi Beggs
Jodi is an alum in course 6 and 18, and the program she is doing is what is known as a solo free dance.  Also she's practiced it for a week and this is her first time doing a solo free dance in front of people.  :)


Jessie Liu
I used to be both a competitive figure skater and a competitive pianist, and the music used in this program is me playing the piano. 


Diane Zhou, Flora Su, Juliana Drozd
Diane, Juliana, and Flora will be bringing in some cozy winter vibes by skating the Starlight Waltz ice dance to Winter Warmth by Jordy Chandra.


Andy Huang
Andy is an alum who first learned how to figure skate through the MIT figure skating club several years ago. Back then, he could barely do crossovers and skate backwards, but he has grown a lot since then thanks to the help of all the wonderful people he's met here. This rink is now his favorite place in the world, and he loves coming here each and every morning.


Diane Brancazio
Diane is an MIT alum and now staff at the MIT Edgerton Center spreading the creativity, empowerment, and joy of Makerspaces.
Her passion for skating began on rollerskates and included rollerdisco in NYC. She now teaches kids hockey skating and feels very lucky that she can continue to skate regularly.
Diane welcomes the family and friends who have been supporting her at these shows for decades!


5-minute warmup


Flora Su
Flora has been skating with the MIT Figure Skating Club since 2016, when she came to do her masters in environmental engineering. She has been doing the same short program since then, but after tonight she will be retiring it because tomorrow she is going to Cleveland to start working on a new competition program! As much as she identifies with this program, she is also looking forward to starting a new journey in the adult skating world.


Amy Mossman, Andy Huang, Diane Zhou, Flora Su, Ilani Axelrod-Freed, Juliana Drozd, Nidhi Juthani, Shawn Pan
The 14-step is a pre-silver level dance.


Erina Yamaguchi
Erina is a Junior majoring in Aerospace and Aeronautical Engineering. She has been part of the skating club from Freshman year, and is currently the President of the club. She is skating to "Wings" by Little Mix and hopes this will be an uplifting performance for everyone to find their wings and fly toward their dreams.


Lana Van Note
Performing her solo is first-year student, USFS Gold Medalist, and 2021 Collegiate National Championship Bronze Medalist, Lana Van Note


Diane Zhou, Sabina Chen
Both from the undergraduate class of 2019 and masters class of 2021, Diane and Sabina are excited to be back at MIT for this show with a delayed graduation program! They will be performing their sixth Anime on Ice duet to the song Bye Bye Yesterday from the anime Assassination Classroom. They hope you enjoy this program about the craziness of growing up, graduating, and entering adult life. 


Juliana Drozd
Juliana is a senior in course 12 and has been active in the figure skating club since her freshman year, serving as president for two years and now as vice president. In addition to being an academic senior, she is a senior level solo ice dancer and will be performing her new free dance to "It Will Come Back" by Hozier. She hopes that her knees will hold up for this program.

