FUNdamentals of Figure Skating
Alexandra Poret, Amanda Paredes Rioboo, Amee Savjani, Amy Li, Andy Huang, Ann Liu, Diane Brancazio, Diane Zhou, Evelyne Ringoot, Flora Su, Ilani Axelrod-Freed, Jason Schuler, Lili Sun, Louisa Wood, Phil Michael, Rachel Leighton, Sabina Chen
See Script

Lindsay Bolino
Lindsay is the MIT FSC Team Captain, a Course 20 major, and has been skating for 15 years.

Skyfall
Evelyne Ringoot
MISSING BLURB







Guiding Light
Diane Zhou
Diane Zhou (zoh) is a class of 2019 alum, an ex-president of the MIT Figure Skating Club, and currently the captain of the San Francisco Ice Theatre Adult Team which will be representing Team USA at the 2023 Adult Gold Cup. Although she is now based in California, she has yet to miss an MIT skating exhibition since she entered MIT in 2015. Set to a song from the show Violet Evergarden, Guiding Light is a tribute to all of the inspirational people and experiences that have brought Diane to where she is today. She would like to thank the MIT Figure Skating Club community for being one of her guiding lights over the years, and hopes that you enjoy her first-ever self-choreographed solo.

Arrythmic Blues
Alexandra Poret, Amanda Paredes Rioboo, Amee Savjani, Amy Li, Andy Huang, Ann Liu, Elena Popkova, Esther Horwich, Evelyne Ringoot, Flora Su, Grace Smith, Ilani Axelrod-Freed, Jason Schuler, Lily Lee, Lisa Popkov, Lou Wood, Noa Rensing, Phil Michael, Shawn Pan, Sue Michael
In this next skit, the MIT Figure Skating Club would like to showcase our members who are new to ice dancing. Imagine a warm summer night in the 1950s. Groups of young people spontaneously gather in a high school parking lot, looking for a way to pass the time. A man hangs up a poster on the wall showing the steps of the latest dance craze - the Arrythmic Blues. A few individuals examine the poster, desirous of learning this new dance. Someone turns on their transistor radio and the plaintive strains of a tender song about unrequited love fill the air. The throng is transfigured by the music and people start dancing. At some point, a famous celebrity happens upon the scene and chaos breaks out - if it has not done so already.

5-minute Warmup



Shivers
Diane Brancazio
Diane is an MIT alum and staff member, and is thrilled to be skating at MIT for decades. She welcomes her family and friends and is grateful for their continued support and cheers! 

Appassionata
Flora Su
Flora has been a part of the MIT Figure Skating Club since 2016, and she is currently an environmental engineer at GZA. After performing the same program for 8 consecutive MIT ice shows, Flora finally has a new program! 2022 was her first season competing in adult competitions, during which she placed 3rd at the adult eastern sectional championships, qualified for adult nationals, and finished 11th overall at nationals. Although she says she's currently not in competition-shape, she hopes she can still make it through this program tonight and make it look nice anyway.

These Boots
Ita Futran
Ita Futran, our recruitment officer so if you join the club its thanks to her

Sign of the Times
Lili Sun
MISSING BLURB







You Should See Me In A Crown
Erina Yamaguchi
Erina is a currently a senior majoring in Aerospace Engineering. She is currently the Vice-President of the figure skating club and is excited to showcase this performance. 

Fiesta Tango x We Don't Talk About Bruno
Alexandra Poret, Amanda Paredes Rioboo, Amy Li, Andy Huang, Ann Liu, Dana Barker, Diane Zhou, Evelyne Ringoot, Flora Su, Grace Smith, Ilani Axelrod-Freed, Jason Schuler, Sabina Chen, Shawn Pan, Timber Carey
Ice dancing meets Disney in this Fiesta Tango to We Dont Talk About Bruno from Encanto!

5-minute Warmup



For You Blue
Lana Van Note
Lana is a sophomore in Course 10. She made this program over the summer because the song was stuck in her head. It was also a chance to try out a new, fun, and some may say "abstract," style.

Seven Nation Army
Ita Futran, Lily Sun
Course 2 besties who met through the skating club. They bond by suffering through their thermo class together. Get ready for a fun and fiery duet.

Andy Huang
Andy is an MIT alum who first started learning how to figure skate with the MIT figure skating club several years ago. Back then, he was working on crossovers and barely able to skate backwards. He has come a long way since then, and now loves spending every morning at this rink and sharing his love of skating with everyone here. He is so grateful to have discovered this club, and for all of the people who have been a part of his skating journey.

Once Upon a December
Amanda Paredes Rioboo
MISSING BLURB







Anime on Ice: Silhouette
Diane Zhou, Erina Yamaguchi, Flora Su, Sabina Chen
Diane and Sabina are back with another installment of Anime on Ice, this time teaming up with Flora and Erina! They will be closing the show with a performance about the ephemeral nature of connections we have with others. As we embark on new journeys, people who are integral to our life today may fade into the shadows of our world tomorrow. With this theme in mind, Diane, Sabina, Flora, and Erina are very thankful for the opportunity to perform here together, and also appreciate all of you for making it out here today. They hope that this fast-paced program to Silhouette from Naruto captures the surreal feeling of watching people come and go in our lives.

