Opening Number
Diane Brancazio, Jane Codman, Kenny Derek, Maureen FountainQuinn, Andy Huang, Nidhi Juthani, Bonny Kellermann, Mia LaRocca, Jonathan Lyles, Phil Michael, Shawn Pan, Noa Rensing, Ellen Shea, Flora Su, Brooke Tam, Elaine Zhang
MISSING BLURB







Olivia Yao
Olivia is a sophomore studying mechanical engineering and design

Jessica Kesner
Jessica Kesner has been a member of the MIT skating club since 2002 when she entered MIT as a freshman.  Nowadays, she's connected to the MIT community through her work as an engineer at Lincoln Laboratory.  Jessica is proud to be back on the ice after welcoming her second son last year, and hopes that her two boys are enjoying the show this evening!

King
Sabina Chen
Sabina is a Junior studying Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, and serves as the Membership Secretary and Webmaster for the MIT Figure Skating Club. Skating to the song, King by Lauren Aquilina, she expresses the difficulties of overcoming trials and believing in oneself.

This will be the first time Sabina performs solo since 2014. Shed like to especially thank Elin, Diane, the MIT Figure Skating Club, and her friends for believing in her even in the face of doubt, and for encouraging her to proudly skate once more. 

Jane Codman
MISSING BLURB







Stef Ren
MISSING BLURB







American Waltz
Mickey Barry, David Brancazio, Diane Brancazio, Andy Huang, Nidhi Juthani, Jessica Kesner, Shawn Pan, Flora Su, Brooke Tam, Linda Warner
MISSING BLURB







Challenging the Frozen Bull
Jonathan Lyles
Last semester's Fall Exhibition stirred so many emotions within me as I cheered on MITFSC members performing in spectacular solos and group numbers that I was motivated to do a little something here today. Though I just started figure skating last semester in October, I have received countless mini lessons, suggestions, and answers to my many figure skating queries from fellow Club members, and our expert coaches. I am extremely grateful for all of their support. I love you all, even my former nemesis from my hockey skate daysPriyanka Chatterjee! The amazing, tireless, and sensational Elin Schran choreographed my piece tonight. She pulled elements from my ballroom Paso Doble and combined them with the ones we enjoy so much on the ice to create my performance tonight--Challenging the Frozen Bull!

Amy Mossman
My music may sound familiar to some of you,  it is the Bob Dylan song Chimes of Freedom here sung in French by Senegalese singer Yousou N'Dour. He has dedicated it to the children who are victims of war in Africa. This program is choreographed by former MIT coach Mimi Wacholder.

Jodi Beggs
In terms of a blurb, I don't really have anything specific, though I guess you could mention that I'm competing in Philadelphia next week.

Psycho-Pass
Sabina Chen, Diane Zhou
We each view the world through our own lenses, shaped by our personal experiences and the stories we hear. Is there a universal moral compass that we can use to judge others and ourselves, or are we doomed to face conflict when we meet people too different from us? Skating to a theme song from the anime Psycho-Pass, Diane and Sabina present their fourth duet together, exploring the difficulty of understanding and accepting one another.

Shawn Pan
Shawn is a 2012 alum who works as a software engineer at Toast. He learned to skate at MIT, and now enjoys sharing his love of skating by teaching beginners.

Canasta Tango
Mickey Barry, Kenny Derek, Ava LaRocca, Mia LaRocca, Alex Landsman, Jonathan Lyles, Amy Mossman, Ellen Shea, Elaine Zhang
MISSING BLURB







Andy Huang
Andy is an MIT alum who started learning how to figure skate with the MIT figure skating club four years ago.

Brooke Tam
MISSING BLURB







The Matrix
Sabina Chen, Tetsuya Kaji, Ananya Nandy, Flora Su, Diane Zhou
MIT is like the Matrix. Neo enters the Matrix as an innocent, ignorant person; he meets superhuman comrades and hard-to-beat agents, experiences mind-blowing realizations; and in the end, Neo himself becomes an almighty superpower in the world. Yes, the same line holds by replacing the Matrix with MIT, agents with psets, and Neo with you. This number is inspired as much by our own experiences at MIT as by the movie The Matrix, and is dedicated to all of you, who were bold enough to take the red pills and shared your curiosity to find "the truth."

Intermission

MISSING BLURB







Starlight Waltz
Shawn Pan, Cydney Wong, Kylie Ying, Diane Zhou
MISSING BLURB







Diane Brancazio
Diane is a long-time member of the skating club, MIT alum, and now MIT staff.  She is thrilled to have the joy of skating in her life and this wonderful community of friends and skaters in her life.  A warm welcome to the family and friends here tonight!

Gravity
Shannen Wu
Shannen is a freshman studying computer science and has been skating for 13 years. She has competed at the US National Collegiate Championships, and also won her event at the MIT FSC Intercollegiate Competition. Today, she will be skating to Gravity by Sara Bareilles, an emotional piece where the singer's inability to let go clashes with her desire to be set free.

Sarah Don
Sarah is an MIT alum and currently works at the MIT Nuclear Reactor Laboratory. She trains every morning before work and makes her own costumes.

Salaam-E-Ishq
Mickey Barry, Maureen FountainQuinn, Nidhi Juthani, Jessica Kesner, Phil Michael, Amy Mossman, Jean Sack, Ellen Shea, Linda Warner, Cydney Wong
Bollywood is the nickname for the Indian film industry and Bollywood films are known for their musical numbers with lots of dancing and singing and beautiful costumes. Here is our interpretation of the title track to the film Salaam-E-Ishq brought to the ice.

Moments
Diane Zhou
Diane is a junior studying computer science, and the president of the MIT Figure Skating Club. Today she will be skating to a song called "Palm of a Tiny Hand," which is about appreciating the small moments we share with the people in our lives, even if, or perhaps because, they may one day leave us behind.

Kylie Ying
Kylie is a junior at MIT, studying EECS and physics. She has been skating for 10 years, and is a double gold medalist in USFSA moves-in-the-field and freestyle. She has competed at nationals for synchronized skating three times and has a national medal. Currently, she skates with the MIT figure skating club and plays hockey for the MIT mens club hockey team.

Dear lord let me stay on my feet :)
Aislinn Munck
I skated for Disney on Ice for 6 years and now I teach intermediate skate at MIT during Q2, Q3 and IAP and own the pro shop at the skating club of Boston.

Flora Su
Flora recently completed a Master's of Engineering this past February in Environmental Engineering. She's still looking for a job, so if you know of anything, please let her know :)

Tetsuya Kaji
Tetsuya is a graduate student in economics at MIT. He started skating at the MIT Figure Skating Club 4 years ago. He is graduating this year and this will be his last performance at MIT. Skating to Nero by Two Steps from Hell.

Hickory Hoedown
Maureen FountainQuinn, Ava LaRocca, Mia LaRocca, Alex Landsman, Amy Mossman, Shawn Pan, Jean Sack, Brooke Tam, Linda Warner
MISSING BLURB







sorry, I was thinking about Hellshake Yano
Michelle Liu
Michelle here is a 2019 and one of 8 whole undergrads in course 24-2. Naturally, she decided to meme to conlang nonsense instead of skating to something conventionally operatic or lyrical. What on earth is a tuberdess anyway? A strain of potato? A PoMo thing? The world may never know. For the record, Heybot was robbed in Crunchyroll's Anime Awards this year, and anyone who disagrees can meet her outside after the show for an asskicking. 

Promise
Kristin Gallas, Aislinn Munck, Elin Schran
I'll (Kristin) will improvise it - assuming you want me to announce again.  Will send music under a separate cover once Elin chooses it. Just wanted to fill this out so that you knew we plan to skate.

Synchronized Hockey Pump Up Figure Skating
Sabina Chen, Flora Su, Shannen Wu, Olivia Yao, Kylie Ying, Diane Zhou
Kylie, Flora, Shannen, Diane, Sabina, and Olivia are shipping it up to Boston, skating to selected tracks from the MIT hockey teams pump up playlist while dabbling in synchronized skating. They incorporated freestyle, synchro, and hockey so that no discipline gets too ICE-olated.

