Dragon Night


Jodi Beggs
I picked the music like a week ago so feel free to let me know if you like the general concept.  :)

Anti Hero
Diane is a junior studying computer science and president of the Figure Skating Club. Ananya is a junior studying mechanical engineering and team captain of the club. They are excited to perform their third duet together, set to the song Anti Hero.

Kilian


Shannen Wu
Shannen has been figure skating for twelve years and competed at the US National Collegiate Figure Skating Championships and the USFS Southwest Pacific Regional Championships. She choreographed this program to "Demons" by Imagine Dragons.

Sasha Churikova
Sasha is a grad student in materials science, and unfortunatly doesn't have much time to skate. Today she is happy to perform a semi-improvised program to the soundtrack of one of her favorite movies, Amelie.

Dutch Waltz


Diane Brancazio
TBD

Shawn Pan
Shawn is a 2012 MIT alum who learned to skate as a student here.

Kevin Shum
Kevin is a junior studying Computer Science and is the President of Beta Theta Pi. He is a two-time US Junior Silver Medalist, and has also represented Team USA for the past three seasons, competing on the International Junior Grand Prix circuit and the World Junior Championships. Over the summer, he won the 2017 US Collegiate National Championships, brining the title back home to MIT. Today, he will be skating to an exhibition number to Nat King Cole's L-O-V-E.

***Intermission***
6 Minute Warmup

Swing Dance


Liz Martin
Liz is a senior majoring in Computer Science and Biology. She's been figure skating for about 16 years now and has been a Vice President of MITFSC for the past 3 years. She is also a Captain of the Women's Lightweight Crew Team. She hopes to continue participating in club activities after she graduates! Liz will be skating to music from 'La La Land.'

Kylie Ying
Kylie has been competitively skating since she was eleven and is a USFS double gold medalist in moves-in-the-field and freestyle, and a USFS silver medalist in ice dance. She has competed at the national level in synchronized skating and also plays for the MIT men's club hockey team.

Stef Ren
Stef is a junior living in East Campus and studying Computer Science. In her free time, she enjoys cooking and listening to music. This program is to Memory from Cats, one of her favorite musicals.

Tetsuya Kaji
Tetsuya is a graduate student at MIT. He skates to the theme song of Westworld.

Flora Su
Senior Short Program (I don't have any information about this piece of music; it's an unpublished piece of music that a friend of my coach gave to her. So tell them about me instead :P) Flora is a second-year graduate student in Course 1, Environmental Engineering, studying atmospheric chemistry and climate modeling. She will be finishing a Master's in Engineering this fall. (Dunno if this is worth sharing - I was the Junior Ladies silver medalist at the 2013 U.S. Collegiate National Championships)

Nirvana
In the grind of everyday life, expectations and uncertainty weigh us down. Sometimes they overwhelm us so much that we cant enjoy life for fear of disappointing ourselves and the people we care about. Skating to a song called "Nirvana" from the anime Noragami, Sabina and Diane seek moments of bliss in the face of doubt and anxiety by learning to appreciate the present despite worries for the future.

Sarah Don
Sarah Don is an MIT alum and now works at the MIT Reactor Lab. She learned to skate with the club while she was a student just a few years ago and now skates every day before work. Sarah also makes her own costumes and enjoys the whole creative and athletic process of developing a program each season.

Kylie and Shannen
There seems to be some bad blood between old Taylor and new Taylor, but she'll never go out of style... So shake it off and look what New Taylor made us do... Are you ready for it?

