Opening Number
Aviva Benson, Diane Brancazio, Judyta Cichocka, Esther Horwich, Destinee Hung, Bonny Kellermann, David Lin, Phil Michael, Shawn Pan, Alex Poret, Philip Tran, Edmund Williams, Hong Xiang, Baula Xu
Our Opening Number is designed to include skaters of all levels.  With all the coordination and physical contact our old and new skaters becomes friends quickly!

Olivia Yao
Olivia is a junior studying Mechanical Engineering and Human Centered Design. She has been skating since she was four, 


Ananya Nandy
Ananya is a senior in Course 2, having been part of the FSC for all of her time at MIT. She is grateful to the FSC for allowing her to continue skating in college and meet the amazing skating community at MIT!

Paso Doble
Juliana Drozd, Esther Horwich, Andy Huang, Nidhi Juthani, Jessica Kesner, Ava LaRocca, Mia LaRocca, Stef Ren
MISSING BLURB







Andrea Lin
Andrea is a first year studying course 6-3

California Dreamin'
Shannen Wu
Shannen is a sophomore majoring in computer science and has been skating for 14 years. She will be skating to California Dreamin', sung by Sia, a song about homesickness and longing for warmer days.

Shawn Pan
Shawn is an MIT alum who learned to skate his freshman year. He currently works as a software engineer at Toast.

Andy Huang
Andy started learning how to figure skate with the MIT figure skating club several years ago. Since then, this rink has become his favorite place in the whole world. <3

Don't You Forget About Me
Jessica Kesner
Jessica Kesner has been skating with the MIT Figure Skating Club since she was an undergrad at MIT.  After graduating, she later rejoined the MIT community as a member of Lincoln Laboratory where she has worked for the past nine years.  She is excited to have her two young sons in the audience tonight.  And she wants you to know that this program is for anyone who has ever felt like a misfitor just happens to be a fan of 80s teen movies.  

Canasta Tango
Mickey Barry, Destinee Hung, Alex Landsman, David Lin, Alex Poret, Susan Scott, Philip Tran, Edmund Williams, Baula Xu
MISSING BLURB







Mia LaRocca
Mia is a junior studying aeronautical and astronautical engineering. She has been a member of the club since her freshman year but this is her first time doing a program. She would like to give a shoutout to her coach Juliana and all the other morning session regulars for encouraging her.

Ten Fox
Shawn Pan, Stef Ren
Stef and Shawn will be taking this ice dance test together tomorrow morning.

Shut Up and Dance
Juliana Drozd, Andy Huang
Juliana and Andy have very different skating styles, but they decided to come together for a pairs program for this show, despite the fact that neither of them has any idea what they're doing.

Barricades
Sabina Chen, Flora Su, Diane Zhou
Sometimes we may feel surrounded by walls that prevent us from living on our own terms. For Sabina, it's finding her passions in the face of societal expectations. For Diane, it's being able to care for the people she loves without losing herself. For Flora, it's self-doubt and fear that she's not enough. Their piece, set to the song Barricades from the anime Attack on Titan, is about finding the courage and motivation to break through these walls and live free.

Intermission

There will now be an 10-minute warm-up for skaters in the second half.

Shallow
Jierui Fang, Stef Ren
Jierui is a junior studying art and design and started skating in elementary school before taking an extremely long break.  (and maybe we can use whatever blurb Stef sends about herself here?)  Jierui and Stef have been trying to coordinate a duet for about 3 shows now, but they are finally making it happen now before Stef graduates.

The Promise
Flora Su
Flora received her Masters of Engineering from MIT in January 2018. She is now an environmental engineer at GZA GeoEnvironmental. Even though she doesn't get to skate as often as she used to, she is happy to be here tonight and would like to share that joy of skating with you all.

Swing Dance
Mickey Barry, Aviva Benson, Dave Brancazio, Diane Brancazio, Maureen Fountain Quinn, Esther Horwich, Destinee Hung, Ava LaRocca, Mia LaRocca, Alex Landsman, David Lin, Shawn Pan, Susan Scott, Philip Tran, Edmund Williams, Baula Xu
The swing dance is one of the ice dances in the second level of difficulty. Both partners perform the same steps, but offset by 180 degrees. One skater goes forwards while the other skater goes backward, and halfway through the dance they swap positions. The swing dance is normally done to 4/4 timing, but today we will be performing our own variation in waltz timing to I'll Be by Edwin McCain.

Maya Sankar
Maya is a junior at MIT studying math and CS. This is the first time she's learned a new program since coming to MIT and she's excited to share it with you.

Winter is here
Nidhi Juthani
A raven has arrived from the citadel. A white raven. Winter is here.

When Can I See You Again?
Ananya Nandy, Diane Zhou
Ananya and Diane have been performing duets together each winter since their freshman year. Since they are both graduating in June, they wanted to do a fifth and final duet together. Ananya and Diane skated their first duet to an Owl City song and are going back to how it all started, skating now to another Owl City song called "When Can I See You Again?".

Won't Be Long Now
Stef Ren
MISSING BLURB







Diane Brancazio
Diane is a longtime MIT skater, Almna of the mechanical eng'g dept, and now staff at the MIT Edgerton Center.  She is thrilled to be able to skate frequently and glad to have so many friends here.  Shout outs to the Norumbega St cheering squad, and Community Boating buddies!

Kylie Ying
Kylie is a senior at MIT ready to graduate. She decided to do the show two days ago and finished choreographing at 10 last night. This program might be fun to watch.


Flora's Secret
Shawn Pan, Flora Su
Shawn is the 2018 Adult Nationals solo bronze dance silver medalist and has passed 7 ice dance tests. Flora is the 2013 collegiate nationals junior freestyle medalist and has passed a grand total of zero ice dance tests. They will be performing the European Waltz, which neither have tested, to Flora's Secret by Enya.

Jodi Beggs
Jodi is an MIT alum in course 6 and 18, and she had a lot of fun trying to recreate the outfit from the video for her music.

Blue Dress
Juliana Drozd
Juliana is a first year student studying Earth, Atmospheric, and Planetary Science. She's been skating for over 16 years, competes as a senior-level ice dancer, and coaches in addition to her own training.

Aranjuez
Kevin Shum
Kevin is a Senior studying Course 6-3 (computer science). He is the two-time US Junior Mens Silver Medalist and two-time reigning Collegiate Champion, and has competed around the world on Team USA.  Graduating this June, this will be his final performance at MIT. 

Closing Number: Together from Afar
Mickey Barry, Diane Brancazio, Sabina Chen, Judyta Cichocka, Maureen Fountain Quinn, Destinee Hung, Nidhi Juthani, Bonny Kellermann, Ava LaRocca, Mia LaRocca, Phil Michael, Ananya Nandy, Stef Ren, Maya Sankar, Kevin Shum, Flora Su, Philip Tran, Edmund Williams, Baula Xu, Kylie Ying, Diane Zhou
To wrap up the exhibition, we have a group closing number to the song Together from Afar from How to Train Your Dragon 3. We'd like to say farewell to the seniors who are graduating as well as those who are leaving MIT, and thanks to all of you for coming to our spring exhibition.

