We Go Together
Amy Mossman, Anji Zhang, Christine Imogu, Elena Popkova, Frances Keer, Grace Chen, Julie Chen, Kate Oteng-Bediako, Kennedy Gore, Leticia Barbieri Stroeh, Sofia Chufani de la Cuadra, Tzu-An Sheng
This group came together by going out of their comfort zone to learn a new skill: ice skating. Most of them took their first lesson this season, as total beginners struggling to skate forward and progressing week by week guided by the amazing (and patient) instructors Mickey and Amy. They have come a long way by putting together their own number choreographed by one of them. With determination, perseverance, and a positive attitude, they are happy to share with you some of their new moves on the ice!

A Man Without Love
Lindsay Bolino
Lindsay is the Team Captain of the MIT figure skating club and will be graduating this spring. She has enjoyed all 4 years of being a part of this team and will miss everyone so much!

Ghost of a Rose (Golden Starlight Waltz)
Flora Su, Shawn Pan
Shawn and Flora will be performing a combination of two dances, the Golden Skaters' Waltz and the Starlight Waltz. If you're not familiar with these dances, the Golden Skaters' Waltz is performed with both dancers skating forward, and the Starlight Waltz begins with Flora turning backward. The Golden Skaters' Waltz is a UK test dance, while the Starlight Waltz is a pre-gold dance. Note that Shawn and Flora just passed their bronze-level dances this past fall, which means the Starlight Waltz is 3 levels harder than their current test level. Wish them luck.

Don't Rain on my Parade
Justine Shih
MISSING BLURB







Supermarket Flowers
Andy Huang
Andy Huang is an MIT alum who learned how to figure skate here at this rink with the MIT figure skating club. This program is dedicated to his mom, who passed away from breast cancer ten years ago. She was the kindest, most wonderful person in the world, someone whom Andy learned so much from. He feels so lucky to have had her as his mom, and is so grateful for all the years that they were able to share together.

Burlesque
Amanda Paredes Rioboo
Mandy is a sophomore studying data science and business analytics. She is on the MIT Figure Skating Competitive Team, is the club social media manager, and volunteers as a coach for the club's weekend group lessons. She will be skating to a program she choreographed herself to Show Me How You Burlesque from the musical Burlesque.

Don’t Lose Ur Head
Cassie Parent
MISSING BLURB







Cell Block Tango
Eleanor Li, Ita Furan, Lana Van Note, Lili Sun, Lindsay Bolino, Mandy Paredes
MISSING BLURB







Warmup (7 minutes)



Dutch Waltz
Alexandra Poret, Amy Li, Andy Huang, Fan Xue, Flora Su, Kylie Leung, Michaela Olimene, Phil Michael, Shawn Pan, Simona Rosu, Sue Lee, Tommy Tai
The Dutch Waltz is one of the first ice dances skaters learn.

One Day
Diane Brancazio
Diane is a long-time member of the skating club and is thrilled to be in this show every year.  She is grateful for the joy that skating brings. A big welcome to her family and friends and huge thanks for the cheers and love!
 

Maybe This Time
Maddie Paoletti
Maddie is a 2nd year PhD student who picked up skating again with the club last year, and just returned from her first competition in a decade last weekend with the team! She asks that you now enjoy a sillier version of that cabaret performance, and maybe this time, she'll win your applause. 

2 Ls Canasta
Lana Van Note, Lili Sun
Lana hasn't been able to skate with the 2022-2023 Northeast Region Intercollegiate Canasta Tango champion for a year, so they're very excited for this opportunity today.

Halo
Eleanor Li
Eleanor is a first-year undergrad and is super grateful to have found a second family within MIT Figure Skating Club. She's skating to Halo, a tribute to all the love and support from all of her teammates and friends both on and off the ice. 

West Side Story Medley
Bridget Denzer
Bridget is a first-year PhD student in the Materials Science Department at MIT, and is an active member of the figure skating club's competition team. She will be skating to an instrumental medley from West Side Story.

Paint It, Black!
Juliana Stachurska
Juliana is a postdoc in the physics department and hails from Berlin, Germany, where she started skating. She thinks that there should totally be a Broadway show about the Rolling Stones!

Romantic Flight
Karen Li
Karen is a 2nd year undergraduate studying Computer Science. 

Memory
Flora Su
Flora likes to describe herself as an engineer by day, artist by night, and skater at dawn. She received her Masters of Engineering from MIT in 2018 in Civil and Environmental Engineering, and she is currently an Assistant Project Manager in the environmental investigation group at GZA GeoEnvironmental. She's spent the last week pulling together a show program using bits and pieces from her old competition and show programs, drawing from her 20-something years of skating experience. Rather fittingly, she will be skating to "Memory" from Cats, in memory of some of her favorite past performances.

Jingle Bell Rock
Ita Futran, Lana Van Note, Lindsay Bolino, Mandy Paredes
And now, santa's helpers, performing jingle bell rock! They were originally supposed to perform this at the winter show, but saved it for the end of the season

Warmup (7 minutes)



Somewhere in Time
Lili Sun
Lili is a senior majoring in 6-2 and minoring in 2, and is currently the Vice President of the Figure Skating Club. She has been with the club since her freshman year and competing with the team since her sophomore year, and is very grateful for the friends and memories she's made at MIT, both on and off the ice.

Way Down Hadestown
Alexandra Poret, Cassie Parent, Eleanor Li, Juliana Stachurska
Will write for tomorrow! Projected to be done tonight

All That Jazz
Lana Van Note
Lana is a junior and MEng student studying chemical and civil engineering. She's also president of the figure skating club, and is exciting to be skating to a song that was a program favorite among her home clubmates.

Backstage Romance
Ita Futran
This is Ita's last show as a student here at MIT! She has been part of the competition team for three years now, and this club has brought back her love of skating after she quit in highschool. She wants to give a big thank you too all her teammates for all the fun and support they have given, and to all her friends who come to watch the shows. Sit back and enjoy the last performance she will be giving as an undergrad (but who knows, maybe you will keep seeing her after she graduates, it's pretty expensive to skate anywhere else)

Snakes
Alexandra Poret
Alex is a second year PhD student who first learned to skate with the MIT Figure Skating Club during her undergrad. Six years later, shes incredibly grateful for the support and encouragement of the club, which has seen her through sophomore slump to PhD highs and lows. As such, she hopes you enjoy first competitive program! 

El Tango de Roxanne
Sabrina Meng
MISSING BLURB







Calypso Cha-Cha
Alexandra Poret, Amy Li, Andy Huang, Cynthia Cao, Esther Horwich, Flora Su, Linda Warner, Maureen Fountain Quinn, Michaela Olimene, Phil Michael, Shawn Pan, Sue Lee
The Cha Cha is a prebronze level ice dance. Start the music when Flora and Shawn come to the center - others will join later.

Night on Bald Mountain
Elena Popkova, Frances Keer, Grace Chen, Julie Chen, Kennedy Gore, Orisvaldo Salviano Neto, Tzu-An Sheng
Continuation of Cha Cha number

